apps/docs/pages/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';
import { VoiceToImage } from '#/components/VoiceToImage/VoiceToImage'
import { VoiceToImagePipelineView } from '#/components/VoiceToImage/VoiceToImagePipelineView'
import { ImageToPoem } from '#/components/ImageToPoem/ImageToPoem'
import { SummarizeAndRead } from '#/components/SummarizeAndRead/SummarizeAndRead'

## What is Aigur Client?

A free and opensource (MIT) client to compose and invoke fully typed Generative AI pipelines.

<Callout>
  Aigur Client is supported by [Aigur](https://aigur.dev) but can be used entirely independent of
  Aigur.
</Callout>

## Examples

### Create an Image with your Voice

This pipeline takes an audio recording of a prompt, transcribes it using Whisper, enhances it with keywords using GPT3 and generates an image using Stable Diffusion.

<VoiceToImage />

### Image to Poem

This pipeline takes an image, labels it with Google's Vision API and creates a poem according the labels it finds.

<ImageToPoem />



### Summarize Text and Read It Out Loud

This pipeline takes a long text, summarizes it with GPT3 and converts the result to audio.

<SummarizeAndRead />

Commit message:

fix - fix pipeline output types

apps/docs/pages/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';
import { VoiceToImage } from '#/components/VoiceToImage/VoiceToImage'
import { VoiceToImagePipelineView } from '#/components/VoiceToImage/VoiceToImagePipelineView'
import { ImageToPoem } from '#/components/ImageToPoem/ImageToPoem'
import { SummarizeAndRead } from '#/components/SummarizeAndRead/SummarizeAndRead'

## What is Aigur Client?

A **free** and **opensource** (MIT) client to compose and invoke fully typed Generative AI pipelines.


> **Aigur Client** is supported by [Aigur](https://aigur.dev) but can be used entirely independent of Aigur.
> [Aigur](https://aigur.dev) offers managed pipeline execution as well as user management, pipeline analytics and more.


## Examples

### Create an Image with your Voice

This pipeline takes an audio recording of a prompt, transcribes it using Whisper, enhances it with keywords using GPT3 and generates an image using Stable Diffusion.

<VoiceToImage />

### Image to Poem

This pipeline takes an image, labels it with Google's Vision API and creates a poem according the labels it finds.

<ImageToPoem />



### Summarize Text and Read It Out Loud

This pipeline takes a long text, summarizes it with GPT3 and converts the result to audio.

<SummarizeAndRead />
