apps/docs/pages/valuereferencing.mdx, before:

Composing a Pipeline consists of chaining different Nodes together.
Each Node can reference a value from any previous executed nodes (all fully typed of course 🎉).

You can configure the input of a Node using the `Input Function` which is the second parameter of the `flow.node` function. 
The `Input Function` receives a callback that accepts four arguments:
`input`, `prev`, `nodes` and `memory`

### Input

The `input` argument references the values that were passed as arguments to the Pipeline itself with the `invoke` method.

<CH.Code lineNumbers={true}>
```ts index.ts focus=1,5 mark=1[21:24],5[17:20]
myPipeline.invoke({ name: 'Boopsy' });

//...
flow.node(replaceString, ({ input }) => ({
    text: input.name, // <-- 'Boopsy'
    modifier: 'tell me a joke about $(text)$',
  }))
// ...
```
</CH.Code>

### Prev

The `prev` argument references the output of the immediately previous node.

<CH.Code lineNumbers={true}>
```ts index.ts
myPipeline.invoke({ name: 'Boopsy' });

//...
flow.node(replaceString, ({ input }) => ({
    text: input.subject,
    modifier: 'tell me a joke about $(text)$',
  }))
  .node(gpt3Prediction, ({ prev }) => ({
    prompt: prev.text, // <-- 'tell me a joke about Boopsy'
  }))
// ...
```
</CH.Code>

### Nodes

The `nodes` argument gives you access to all previously executed nodes' outputs.
The access is by their index in the pipeline definition.

> Additional access methods are planned for future versions.

<CH.Code lineNumbers={true}>
```ts index.ts

//...
flow.node(replaceString, ({ input }) => ({
    text: 'aaa',
    modifier: 'AAA $(text)$',
  }))
  .node(replaceString, ({ prev }) => ({
    text: 'bbb',
    modifier: 'BBB $(text)$',
  }))
  .node(gpt3Prediction, ({ nodes }) => ({
    prompt: `${nodes[0].output.text} ${nodes[1].output.text}`, // <-- 'AAA aaa BBB bbb'
  }))
// ...
```
</CH.Code>

### Memory

See [Memory](/memory) for more details.

Commit message:

User Id in Node and Memory functions (#29)
* user id

* changeset

* docs

apps/docs/pages/valuereferencing.mdx, after:

Composing a Pipeline consists of chaining different Nodes together.
Each Node can reference a value from any previous executed nodes (all fully typed of course 🎉).

You can configure the input of a Node using the `Input Function` which is the second parameter of the `flow.node` function. 
The `Input Function` receives a callback that accepts five arguments:
`input`, `prev`, `nodes`, `memory` and `userId`

### Input

The `input` argument references the values that were passed as arguments to the Pipeline itself with the `invoke` method.

<CH.Code lineNumbers={true}>
```ts index.ts focus=1,5 mark=1[21:24],5[17:20]
myPipeline.invoke({ name: 'Boopsy' });

//...
flow.node(replaceString, ({ input }) => ({
    text: input.name, // <-- 'Boopsy'
    modifier: 'tell me a joke about $(text)$',
  }))
// ...
```
</CH.Code>

### Prev

The `prev` argument references the output of the immediately previous node.

<CH.Code lineNumbers={true}>
```ts index.ts
myPipeline.invoke({ name: 'Boopsy' });

//...
flow.node(replaceString, ({ input }) => ({
    text: input.subject,
    modifier: 'tell me a joke about $(text)$',
  }))
  .node(gpt3Prediction, ({ prev }) => ({
    prompt: prev.text, // <-- 'tell me a joke about Boopsy'
  }))
// ...
```
</CH.Code>

### Nodes

The `nodes` argument gives you access to all previously executed nodes' outputs.
The access is by their index in the pipeline definition.

> Additional access methods are planned for future versions.

<CH.Code lineNumbers={true}>
```ts index.ts

//...
flow.node(replaceString, ({ input }) => ({
    text: 'aaa',
    modifier: 'AAA $(text)$',
  }))
  .node(replaceString, ({ prev }) => ({
    text: 'bbb',
    modifier: 'BBB $(text)$',
  }))
  .node(gpt3Prediction, ({ nodes }) => ({
    prompt: `${nodes[0].output.text} ${nodes[1].output.text}`, // <-- 'AAA aaa BBB bbb'
  }))
// ...
```
</CH.Code>

### Memory

See [Memory](/memory) for more details.

### UserId

See [UserId](/userid) for more details.
